Fix memory leak with skin scripts (#18)
zopefoundation/z3c.jbot: CHANGES.rst

2.3 (unreleased)
----------------

> - skins scripts/templates now cached using filesystem path as key to prevent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Skins and scripts/templates are now cached using their path as key to prevent
```
